Prepare for 0.4.2 (#127)
NLnetLabs/rotonda: Changelog.md

# Changelog

> ## Unreleased new version

Reviewer: Do we want to keep that at the top? of the file? I don't really care either way, but that how I've done it in Roto.

Author: I always strip it for the release, and add it back in the post-release commit on main.

Released 2025-06-18.

> With this release, Rotonda switches to the latest version of the `roto` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, Rotonda switches to version 0.6.0 of the `roto` library.
```

While many things have improved behind the scenes and under the hood, there are

> no breaking or otherwise noticeable changes for Rotonda users.

Reviewer: The assignment operator is a new feature, but that's not super important. You could link to the Roto changelog I suppose.

Author: Added a link to the changelog.
As we do not use the assignment operator (yet) in any of the packaged examples, let's leave it for another time, if only to prevent confusion.
